editing support link (#329)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/troubleshooting.adoc

[NOTE]
====
If this error occurs while loading data from CSV files, use `apoc.periodic.iterate` to import the data and use a relatively small number for the `batch_size` parameter.

> For more information, visit the link:https://support.neo4j.com/s/article/1500012376402-Using-apoc-to-conditional-loading-large-scale-data-set-from-JSON-or-CSV-files[Customer Support Portal].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://support.neo4j.com/s/article/1500012376402-Using-apoc-to-conditional-loading-large-scale-data-set-from-JSON-or-CSV-files[related article] on the Customer Support Portal.
```
